So my name is Vicki MacDonald and I'm in Holy Trinity Church, Flandernu, at the Longest Yarn.
And I have Susan with me who has a memory of her father and her mother during the war.
Susan, can I ask you what memories you have of your father in particular?
I know that at the time during the war my father was a conscientious objector
and he was allowed to go to university in Bristol and study to be a Baptist minister.
He was at that time engaged to my mother who was working in Sheffield as an orthoptist
and both of them spent the war fire watching, not every night. They wrote to each other every day
and unfortunately they got us to burn the letters later. My father then regretted it.
But I did keep all the stamps.
Um, late after my father qualified as a minister his first church was High Street Merthyr Tidwell
and I was born there in 1946 and given the wonderful name of Mivanui which I am incredibly proud of.
That's lovely and did he, did he, I mean fire watching must have been really difficult.
It can't have been an easy job and it was a very, I mean you were watching buildings
burn and yes and bodies and things. Did it, did it, did he talk about it?
He never talked about it other than they'd both done it as their war effort.
My dad's eldest brother was a trained teacher and his war service as a conscientious objector was to
be like a hospital porter but I don't know any more than that about where.
It's very interesting isn't it how they were put to war-like activities in a way weren't they?
Everybody was involved.
Oh thank you Mivanui. Thank you so much. It's really kind of you and I'm delighted to speak to you.